README.md, before:

# toki Ramble
in which i ramble in toki pona to feed a possible future neural network

**<!--sizestart-->16.6<!--sizeend-->k** characters across **<!--countstart-->7<!--countend-->** files

these are written in a quite freeform ma·ponian dialect with many non-pu words, i tried to detail it [here](https://github.com/Sobsz/toki-pona/blob/master/kita.md)

i tend to generate 3 random non-gender content words as inspiration, which i then make a proper grammatical topic out of because i wanna be able to prompt the future nn with just a topic

maybe sentence-pair translations too eventually idk

all this is [cc0](LICENSE) i don't care

## table that i'm probably gonna remove eventually

| topic | prompt | description |
|-:|:-:|:-|
| [toki nasa pi ike mi](toki/toki%20nasa%20pi%20ike%20mi.txt) | mute kulupu kule | "i'm not that queer but i'm mostly in queer groups" turned into general mildly-sad-bean hours (various thoughts that i've had for weeks waiting to be written somewhere) this project is off to a great start and it doesn't even follow the topic all the way how can i expect an nn to keep it if i can't |
| [olin li seme?](toki/olin%20li%20seme.txt) | sona olin lon | supposedly talking about what love is, veering off to aro folk and [polycul.es](https://polycul.es/) and brain chemicals and religion |
| [nena sinpin](toki/nena%20sinpin.txt) | nena ken ni | just some nose factoids |
| [esun pu](toki/esun%20pu.txt) | pu ma mani | completely ignored `ma` oops |
| [nena mama](toki/nena%20mama.txt) | tawa soweli nena | i'm a bit excited, because this ramble is a first in a few ways: it has the first prompt generated by a dedicated bot (thank you ijo Sasi), it's the first time i've skipped a topic (`pali nasa kepeken`, was gonna write about `pali nasa li wile e ilo nasa`), and it's the first ramble that broke the daily streak |
| [nasin pi kama lape](toki/nasin%20pi%20kama%20lape.txt) | nanpa lape weka | counting sheep, other nasins ([such as](https://thatsleepguy.com/master-the-us-military-sleep-technique-the-easy-way/)), lucid dreaming |
| [ma tenpo](toki/ma%20tenpo.txt) | none, just someone mentioning timezones on discord | zones of time yes ([source for ast bit](https://www.reddit.com/r/Android/comments/9q3gyw/millions_wake_up_one_hour_earlier_in_brazil_due/e86dfuz/)) |

Commit message:

jan li ken ante e nimi ona

README.md, after:

# toki Ramble
in which i ramble in toki pona to feed a possible future neural network

**<!--sizestart-->19.4<!--sizeend-->k** characters across **<!--countstart-->8<!--countend-->** files

these are written in a quite freeform ma·ponian dialect with many non-pu words, i tried to detail it [here](https://github.com/Sobsz/toki-pona/blob/master/kita.md)

i tend to generate 3 random non-gender content words as inspiration, which i then make a proper grammatical topic out of because i wanna be able to prompt the future nn with just a topic

maybe sentence-pair translations too eventually idk

all this is [cc0](LICENSE) i don't care

## table that i'm probably gonna remove eventually

| topic | prompt | description |
|-:|:-:|:-|
| [toki nasa pi ike mi](toki/toki%20nasa%20pi%20ike%20mi.txt) | mute kulupu kule | "i'm not that queer but i'm mostly in queer groups" turned into general mildly-sad-bean hours (various thoughts that i've had for weeks waiting to be written somewhere) this project is off to a great start and it doesn't even follow the topic all the way how can i expect an nn to keep it if i can't |
| [olin li seme?](toki/olin%20li%20seme.txt) | sona olin lon | supposedly talking about what love is, veering off to aro folk and [polycul.es](https://polycul.es/) and brain chemicals and religion |
| [nena sinpin](toki/nena%20sinpin.txt) | nena ken ni | just some nose factoids |
| [esun pu](toki/esun%20pu.txt) | pu ma mani | completely ignored `ma` oops |
| [nena mama](toki/nena%20mama.txt) | tawa soweli nena | i'm a bit excited, because this ramble is a first in a few ways: it has the first prompt generated by a dedicated bot (thank you ijo Sasi), it's the first time i've skipped a topic (`pali nasa kepeken`, was gonna write about `pali nasa li wile e ilo nasa`), and it's the first ramble that broke the daily streak |
| [nasin pi kama lape](toki/nasin%20pi%20kama%20lape.txt) | nanpa lape weka | counting sheep, other nasins ([such as](https://thatsleepguy.com/master-the-us-military-sleep-technique-the-easy-way/)), lucid dreaming |
| [ma tenpo](toki/ma%20tenpo.txt) | none, just someone mentioning timezones on discord | zones of time yes ([source for ast bit](https://www.reddit.com/r/Android/comments/9q3gyw/millions_wake_up_one_hour_earlier_in_brazil_due/e86dfuz/)) |
| [jan li ken ante e nimi ona](toki/jan%20li%20ken%20ante%20e%20nimi%20ona.txt) | weka ona nimi | name changement, [how hard it can be](https://medium.com/bits-and-behavior/100-hours-of-name-change-labor-c652c22a89b9), mononymousness e.g. [sai](https://s.ai/iaq/), nameness in toki pona |
